#787 Rgoygov/no-obscure-array-access (#1654)
ember-template-lint/ember-template-lint: docs/rule/no-obscure-array-access.md

# no-obscure-array-access

> Using obscrure expressions `{{list.[1].name}}` is descouraged and might be deprecated soon

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using obscure expressions `{{list.[1].name}}` is discouraged and might be deprecated soon.
```
